Fredy/mileston1 doc (#102)
Colm3na/polkastats-backend-v3: README.md

## Phragmen

This container includes an offline-phragmen binary. It is a forked modification of [Kianenigma](https://github.com/kianenigma/offline-phragmen) repository.

## Hasura demo

> You will need to wait for your substrate-node container to get synced or you could change the following lines in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The crawler needs to wait for your substrate-node container to get synced before starting to collect data. You can use an already synced external RPC for instant testing by changing the following lines in your
```
